prince using Python you can work with,
like text files,
Jason files,
CS refiles,
HTML files and so on.
And as off no.
Here we're going to work with textile files.
So simply working with text files using python.
So there's before going toe work with your text files using python.
Let's move into our General Jui processor whenever.
If you want to create or read the country from your text.
If I write,
see what I'm doing is someone I want to get a new fight,
right?
Yeah,
before that CJ's generally if you want to work with text files ready whole three options,
that is,
you can create a new fight or I'll contain cool on existing fine or just for reading
purpose Really file content,
right?
See when nobody if you're going with the geo position,
I mean in this way,
right,
Click new,
then you're filing I mean,
let me sell it my file as txt file.
I mean,
I want to create filers text,
right,
I'm creating.
Let's say file Emma,
someday more dot txt right now I'm going to open it.
After that,
I'm going to open it.
Open it.
Yes,
I will open right.
See you guys in your geo procedure.
Whenever If you open your file,
you can really were file.
You can right content to your fight,
but all the options are available simply by opening your fight in.
Do a more,
but come online or through programming or through scripting.
It's not possible you have to open your file either to write content or to really content
are to add some new data Existing files.
Be clear.
See Ngom or it is possible simply by opening your filing.
Barbara's in through programming.
If you want to work with your files right,
you have to be open your file.
You have so open you are filed either,
and write more means.
If you want to create a new fight,
fight are hard to open.
Your file up anymore means adding new country into adjusting fight.
Then you have lost option that is,
read more just to read right.
See that you can open your file.
If you want to create a new file yard weapon.
Your file with the W more are.
If you're already a file,
and if you want to add,
upend the data to an existing file,
then you have the weapon you're filing upended more are simply If you want to really of
content from your file photo,
open it,
using our more like fine And one more thing this once If you right some content to your
file,
right?
See,
I'm opening steps are important.
I'm opening based on cursor position.
You're going to write contained somebody.
Of course,
I'd somewhere that I'm moving concert to some place then I can like so very,
very cancer Is there based on the customer only you are writing content to your fight,
right?
Fine.
So I assume that I am writing this is it demo?
And I'm going to close it while closing it is asking sale option,
but in programming in your pie transcript once.
If you close automatically,
the data will sail into your fight.
You don't need to provide confirmation like sale or don't see whenever.
If you close automatically,
your data will store into your fight,
right?
See?
No,
I'm going toe.
See,
guys,
whether you want to read a content or whether we want to write the content to your file
always you should get in your programming first.
Your Custer position are your file object.
You can take any variable.
I am taking your for file object.
Just assume that this is like your cursor position.
So once,
If you get into your hand conservation,
then after that,
whether you want to read or write,
you can do it.
So no,
I want to get my cancer.
Right.
School.
Content to your file,
then weapon your file in right more.
Open your filing,
Right More Let's say no file dot Txt m writing,
then w more write more then after that,
simply you can close.
So as of know,
what I'm doing is simply I'm watering your fight and then closing your file while opening.
Right?
I'm giving some filing automatically this file with greater with empty data.
Now,
this is your cancer operation with conservation.
Know where I'm writing any data to your file?
Simply.
I'm closing.
It's like creating empty file,
right?
Let me check it so that he is simply creation off.
Empty file.
That's it.
Let the weapon editor.
So I'm going to open my You can dig a sublime or here to,
um aerator.
What are maybe can take?
I'm going toe.
Suppose Ah sublime text,
right?
Let's open that.
First,
let me create defined so that it's forced off.
All right,
so working with extra files,
you know,
to work with your text fights,
you have different modes,
right?
Really?
Are up in first of all because we are going to create a new file,
isn't that we don't have any files to read?
We need toe,
create some file,
right?
So before going to create always in your hand,
you should have a custom position from your file.
That's why what I'm doing is first,
I'm going to open my file.
Let's say some file,
write some new demo door txt file I'm creating.
So I want to open this in right more.
So now this a file I'm opening for right more.
So once you've opened your file automatically,
this syntax is going to give your custom object.
Simply file object.
That's it.
No.
Based on this object,
you can write some content to your file.
But what I am doing is simply I will open my fight and then close right?
Let me save it.
Be clear.
Let me say what with some name,
right?
So I'm going to store on my desktop.
Creative filed R B Wait,
That's it?
No,
this is a python script.
Now.
What I'm doing is I'm going to run our core there.
Simply control.
Be done.
Then you don't have any old put here because you don't know any Prince statement to get
your output right?
Simply we get left file.
Let me weapon our for that creative file just now.
Vacated this.
Let me.
Sorry.
That is a by downstairs.
Right.
So our file name is new Demo?
Yes,
he here.
New Damodar.
Txt.
Open this.
You don't have any contact because you just open and close your file.
Okay?
But I will write toe our data to your file.
But before that,
suppose I want to see in which more your files were paying.
You can check it.
Simply bring your for not more.
So it is going to you the more off your file.
Right?
More Right.
Then let me come in this.
No,
you can check it.
Therefore,
door readable after the good.
What you're getting Yeah,
this is a function.
Let me Donny.
False You're getting That means you open your file not for read some other thing.
Maybe right more up and more that we have seen by using it for not more so.
If we're not readable,
it is going to give false means.
You can't read the content if you open your file with the view more.
That's a Let me print one more thing.
A four door rideable.
Yes.
Through your getting.
Yes,
we converted some contento.
This file actually,
no need to check this.
Yes,
there are some options.
That's why I'm giving this right now.
Let me come in this entire court.
Be clear now what I'm doing,
Guys,
I want to write a file.
Then first weapon with some named random name.
You can take anything,
right?
I'm begins up was random dot Txt.
So you want to write their file at very first time?
You don't have any file previously agenda Then open it in right more so I know.
But if you open with this intact automatically,
or Brighton will go your file object.
Imagine that.
That is like a custom.
Anyone not back?
Yes.
Now in your handy Harvard cancer position,
then one I want to do is I want to read some content than based on your consideration.
Just don't write operation.
Let me.
Right.
This is a first line I'm writing.
Then after that,
Muzi.
So that's what we do.
This just we hold it on three lines off court to create a filing to write some country in
tow.
That fight now you feel run this court,
then only your file will create.
You heard it in a python script just to create your file with content off.
This is a This is first line,
right?
Let me say we don't want it.
It's a done right.
Let me go to here.
Somebody will have random.
See that?
Let me open this fight.
This is it.
First line okays.
What I'm doing is I'm going to read one more lane,
right?
This is a second line.
Let me save it on Ronnie.
What's in your file and see the country?
This is the first line.
This is the second line.
You're getting both the lines in the same line in your fine.
But actually,
that is not our requirement.
We need to get.
This is the first line in one line.
This is the second line in next line.
But then what If you want booze,
but What?
If you want to send the next line into next line at the end off,
you can every line you had to write slash and so that your constable Good next line.
I mean,
generally,
you know,
suppose Rajinder you're going to write some content in any file,
right?
So what I'm doing is my newly I'm typing.
This is a life nice.
If I wanted contented next land what I'm being I'm wondering my under keep on my keyboard
right then Only a custody is going to next line.
That's what I'm doing here with help off slash in for last lines up.
But if this is large sign,
you need to send your custom the next line.
That's it.
Let me save it under on it.
So before Ryan,
let me close this file.
Yeah,
Chocolate on it.
No weapon.
You're fine.
Take the country.
Now you have.
This is the first line.
One line is the second leading next line,
right?
So automatically your custody sending the next line.
Suppose if I want read one more line right then this is a car line and writing.
So that is not only here before writing your Tylenol so you can send your concert the next
line slash and mean simply,
Or Castle will go to next line in next land this contemptible.
Right?
But providing slash are not very First,
any line is not a good practice.
That's why always we mentioned at the end off your content slash and you need to remember
this one.
Let me save it underneath.
So where is your fight?
Yeah,
Random.
Open it and see the continue.
How three lines.
And one more thing,
guys,
it's very important.
I am running thescore again and again.
Let me run it once.
I don't second time Third time three times on this creep.
But if you after your content,
right?
If you're do your content it is only three lines.
So you can feel I mean ah,
you are running your court three times.
Then maybe your data will be there three times anymore.
Fine.
But it is not there nor fighting 300 is there only one time.
So you are not getting like this.
No,
you're running your program three times.
Then you're not getting your file in this way.
Your data is not repeating three times in your file it won't happen.
See what?
Actually it is doing whenever.
If you open your file and write more,
it's very important whenever if you open your filing right more.
If I is already there,
then first off all your python will simply remove this file on.
Then same file name will be created.
If file is not that new fight is going to create.
Oh,
if file is not that it will create a new file.
The file is already there.
Your content.
We will overwrite.
Your content will overwrite.
See that?
Suppose I'm going to read here,
let me delete these two lines.
So what I'm doing is this is a new content.
Let me save it on gun it don't.
I know.
See the content,
your previous that have gone only new content is there Previously you help three lines,
right?
But now you're only one night that easiness.
But what if you open your file and write more?
Simply You can assume that if already file is there with this name that final dilate and
knew the same name new file will create.
It finally is not the first time you're going to create that file.
That's it right.
Fine.
So that is here you are writing.
You were content to your file one by one.
I mean,
suppose if I want write three lines how you're going to write three times You're using your
full dot right there Food or right?
Therefore not right.
No,
it off that.
See,
What I'm doing is I'm going to come in these three lines injured off that instead of that.
Therefore,
daughter right lines on here.
Your toe,
probably or data as a list.
You can also story.
What data?
Somewhere as a list.
Let's say my content after 300 a Gaza list in at least each and every value is one line.
Let's say this is it data one Suppose so.
Ideally,
how tr slash in like so if you don't are,
you can also take care.
Well,
I think your content to your file with help off Luke,
I will show you that.
Meanwhile,
first off to get basic idea,
I'm giving in this way.
This is a data to then This is a data three.
Suppose right.
See if I don't adhere slash And what will happen?
Let me say it.
So guys injured operating lane by leading with the elbow fear for dot Right function right
before not right mattered.
What we are doing is therefore not right.
Lines here again.
Property where?
Content as a list.
Now our content is a list somewhere we have our list off content.
Here.
Let me save it.
Underneath it.
Same file memorandum previously.
How?
This information right now what we did,
we weapon that file in w more.
That means if there is any files with the same name that content will delete or that file
will delete on new content.
We will will rightto this file.
Now let me go to here and open your files.
See that this is a data One is a data to this is a data three if in case if you want to
send,
this is a data three next line what?
You have to go at the end off even second line.
The hard right slash and right,
fine,
but providing slash.
And at the end of each and every lane,
it's not a good practice.
Automatically new to our slash and for each and every line.
Right?
So,
for that,
what I'm doing is no.
Let me come into all this thing?
You Mexican?
No,
I'm going to a different file name.
I don't want u same Phi limp.
Of course you can use it.
No problem.
Let me take first.
Awful.
My content as something like this is using Look back.
Medic Iteration one.
Then this is using no federation.
Do let me copy this data one more time,
right?
See that?
So what I'm doing is this is it.
Extradite.
So let me daily says it.
Three.
No,
first of all days.
First of all,
I can take one by one value from your list using for loop rate.
If you remember for each line,
let me take.
You can take any available year for each line in my content.
Right?
See what I'm doing?
Bring each line,
say,
with Atlantic,
you're getting one by one line.
Now,
before printing your line at the end.
I'm earning slash In your no problem,
you can add it.
No.
Yes.
Know what I'm doing is I want to create a file with this content,
whatever the content you have in your list.
So I want to create a file call.
Let's say victor loop dot Txt I want to create this file.
So opening right more so it is going to give a file object.
Actually,
there is a class.
Okay,
As of now,
you can't understand that.
Yes,
I gender here for is it Carson?
Just for the water understanding.
But what I'm giving you for as a couple days.
But if you're gender,
it is going to work the same operation.
Whatever your custody is doing inju way more so just know we got indoor handcuffs.
Operation off this file Now what we have to do,
we want to write line by line,
contain to your with Luke Got txt file.
So you know,
if you have a one single line,
how you're going to write your data,
your four door,
right?
That's it.
See,
what I'm doing is automatically I'm taking line by land from your list.
And I'm writing that line to your file with Alpo.
Fear for dot Right?
May 3rd other than while writing at the end off each of Neverland,
I'm reading slash in No,
no need to manually right,
slash and teach the enough each and every line.
Right?
I think this is not a practice good practice because you're going to get your data from
somewhere.
There may be numb number off lines,
right.
So logically into tired slash and at the end,
off your each and every line,
while adding that data to your file.
That's it.
Right?
So after this one,
your do you completed your for loop?
Suppose for three generations this loop is going to over then after Luke,
don't forget to close your file once.
If you close your file automatically,
the data will store.
Will say Oh into your file called with the loo.
Got txt file.
Let me save it under on it then.
Now go to here somewhere.
See,
with the loop is there?
Open that to that.
Like Fine.
See,
I suppose if you have some file somewhere,
all the file is there on you don't want to be stopped the existing data and you want to
upend the new data to your file that nothing is there Simply weapon Your file in more yet
upend at the end.
You're going to our new data.
They let me save it under it once.
See,
guys previously you how the content Dinner file three lines country.
Know what I'm doing is I'm opening my filing upend more whenever If you open your fighting
up anymore.
If this fight is existing,
it won't disturb the existing data.
It will give that data as this.
Then the new data will be a pender at the end off your file.
So same content.
I want blood once again to my file.
Yes,
just opening up in the more right.
See that I'm running.
It's done.
Now open your file.
See that your data is there two times.
One second you can run so that once again the same that I you're goingto happen at the end
.
Off your file now.
Three more excellence.
Let me weapon that file.
Yes,
right Fine.
Now imagine that We don't know how this fight.
Let me remove this file.
Nice.
Whenever if you tryto upended data.
So this file If it is there,
then the new data will be up in there at the end.
If it is not there,
no problem.
You're fighting will create a new file now.
So if file is not there then happened more on w more.
Both are saying if fighting is not that upended more and then write more.
Both are same.
Now let me save it on money.
I'm running.
It's done without any errors.
Means it works perfectly.
Let me weapon your file.
See,
now you got with the loop file.
Three lanes off content now I'm going to rely on So already three lanes off information is
there now because of this far loop Same content you're going to write once again.
Three lines off information,
right?
Let me open it and see the desert.
So that is the use off your upended more That is the use off.
You were up anymore.
That's it.
So this is the way how you can create a new fight or how you can upend new content to your
existing files Night.
Fine.
No,
What I want to is I have some file right already.
We know we have a file called with the loop dot Txt.
Now I want to read the content using your python.
I want to read the content using your python.
Nothing is their first.
Whether you want to read or write your contend with your python.
First off all your toe weapon your file But while opening your file right,
you have to right you're required more here whether you want to write or read.
Now,
my purposes.
I want to see the data.
I want to read the data.
Then open your filing.
Read more.
That's it.
So whether you're going to write your country into your file or whether you're going toe
really content from your file,
you have to do one thing open and close.
Don't forget about this.
If you don't close,
then ah,
sometimes your file make corrupt,
right?
Fine.
No,
I weapon in.
Read more.
I close it like let me excluded Nora nor poor.
Whenever.
If you're reading means you should display something,
then only you can see the country.
Now.
How can I display the content?
Nothing.
Is there simply print,
therefore not read.
If we're not read,
see the country.
You're going to get your entire data after time using your forgot read operation.
You can also store this into one variable called.
Let me take a data data off your file.
That's it.
After closing your file.
You how Your data in a data available.
That's it.
See?
I weapon.
I read the data and I stored into some variable called data.
Now,
even If you close your file already,
we store the file content to some variable,
not variable.
We can use it.
Fine.
So after time,
If you want to read your entire content is the procedure.
Now what I want raise.
I want to read one by one.
Line one by one line.
I want to read.
See that?
What I'm doing anyway?
If you want to read always your toe Open your filing.
Read more then your four door read line.
That's it Then let me close it and see the content.
What?
You're going to get study?
You read the data.
But a unit of printed that right?
Then only you can see the data print the what?
Or the data you're reading.
That's what this is A.
This is using lubrication one.
Now I want to read second line,
then immediately do Once again you are read line Nazi but reading line by line.
I don't know how many lines you have in your file,
right?
So this is not a good practice to read your file,
but you have the option.
Some things very rare cases.
You will use this one also.
But remember that uses as Well,
no,
I want to.
Really?
Your entire content,
Arthur.
Time.
So previously.
What?
All the data you are reading with the elbow fear for not read.
I see that.
Let me enable this one's let me print a data on What is the data you are having in that?
You know you have a data.
You're dead,
right?
See the output?
What is a type of order that is a string right?
Costing you how number off lines in your file.
I want to take line by line separately.
But I want to read at a time all the lines.
I won't read all the lines at your time,
but I want to take line by line separately.
Not like a string.
Right.
See what I'm doing?
What I'm doing here is you have one more option just to read your entire content in B A
list.
First of all,
let me open my file.
Then that would take there,
Doc.
It costs two your file up their daughter read lines.
It's very,
very important.
It is very useful in your real time.
Now let me print your data and see that would put what you're going to get your getting as
a list you're getting as a list.
If it is a list,
you know you can take you for a loop when you can print line by line support.
I want rid simply.
I'm giving if I want to read 1st 3 lines What I will lose.
See that for each in range off three.
First,
let me print.
What is the each value you are getting?
There is no relation as off No.
Between your for loop on your data.
Simply I'm taking some range of food is going to print it.
Do you know want to late now?
This data is a list right in list.
If you want to read first of three values,
then index values are from Jiro to write Jiro one too.
So if you take a range of three,
you are getting your required in next valleys for your list to get your top three lines.
Know what I'm doing is I'm bringing your data then in next value guys for foster duration
your reaches,
of course.
Zero.
That means you are printing simply debt off Jiro.
Then second iteration,
you're getting index value as 1 30 aggression and you're getting in next value asked to.
That's it.
This is the data you're going to print using your follow.
That means you're getting top three lines.
But right.
So guys know what I want to raise.
I want to get only last life.
I want to get only last line.
How can I get it?
You know,
data.
Last lane,
always already in data is released,
right in least last value index in terms off negatives.
Right.
Minus one.
Then I can print this one.
Let me come.
And your for Luke.
That's it.
Right.
So this is the usage with the red lines.
We have so many real time cases,
right?
The just introduction.
We will see some simple,
real time example in next radio.
Okay,
so there's finally hard to remember that life the right more?
Yeah.
While working with your files,
you have three options.
First option is you're going to create a new file.
First time you're going to create,
then open in love,
you more.
So while opening your filing this more if already file is there,
then what it will do your part on is going to deliver that file and he's going to create a
new file so that what will happen all the file information will be Della Terry.
So be careful whenever If you're opening your filing w more I want to keep all country.
And as Idris and I want to our new content,
I want to upend new content to your file.
Then you are to open that in up and more.
No,
I want to read all the country which is there in my file,
then weapon read more so whether you are going to write open or reek right?
Plus it is same.
See Write your full file object Open your file and get into your hand your custom.
Do your logic.
Here.
Finally close your file.
That's it.
Fine.
Okay.
Thank you for watching this video.